At slow speed, we all seem focused.
In motion, we seem wrong, wrong.
Mr. Luther, what can I do for you today?
I want to close all my accounts.
May I ask why?
Is there a problem?
No, no, no, no, of course not.
It's just that the Luthers have been banking here for 12 years.
It's quite a shock.
I'd like it all in cash.
We'll do our best.
Can I get your signature?
Certainly.
Mr. Luther.
May I see your driver's license, please?
Why?
This signature...
This signature doesn't match our records.
I just need to verify your ID.
I'm standing right here in front of you.
What more do you need?
I'm sorry, it's bank policy.
I need the money, now.
Fill the bag.
You can play this game.
We both want power.
In winter, we can dance.
The man is...
Tina, where did you get this?
I promised I'd solve all of our problems.
Oh, please tell me you didn't rob the bank yesterday.
I didn't.
Lex Luther did.
Stop it.
Stop it, Tina.
You promised that you wouldn't do that anymore.
I did it for us.
Somebody could have gotten hurt.
Mom, I'm fine.
And now we can afford to have the perfect life.
Tina, nobody's life is perfect.
Honest is.
Stealing isn't the way to solve our problems.
I'm taking it back.
I'll say I found it in the dumpster.
No, Mom, come on.
We deserve to be happy.
Come on.
Get out.
No!
Mom!
911 emergency.
Hello?
Hello, is anyone there?
Is anyone there?
Oh, sorry.
It's nothing.
Somebody save me
Let your warm hands break right through
Don't care how you do it
Just stay, stay
Come on, I've been waiting for you
Just stay with me
I've made this whole world shine for you
Just stay, stay
Come on
This is incredible. Why would Lex Luthor need to rob a bank?
Seems to pretty strange things in my day, but this definitely takes the cake.
Well, almost.
He got away with $100,000.
I know Lex, it wasn't him.
Clark, I know that he's a friend of yours, but come on, you saw him with your own eyes.
I don't know what I saw.
There must be some kind of reasonable explanation for this, I hope.
Me too. I hate to think I have an evil twin.
Lex, we didn't hear you pull up.
May I come in?
I promise I'm not packing heat.
Lex, what's the reason you're not in jail?
Because I was hosting a reception for 200 fertilizer distributors in Metropolis at the time of the robbery.
Did the police have any leads?
None.
That's why I wanted to talk to you, Clark. Your name was on the witness list.
Did you actually see this person?
Yeah, he looked just like you.
Except his fingerprints and signature didn't match mine.
You sure your eyes weren't playing tricks on you?
What's gonna happen now?
Hopefully the money will turn up.
In the meantime, the Metropolis tabloids will have a field day and I'm sure certain people's opinions of me will be cemented in stone.
I gotta get to work.
I'm sorry you got thrown through that window.
I promise I'm not a criminal mastermind.
I know. A criminal mastermind would have worn a mask.
Come on!
Come on, move it!
That's the stuff!
Come on, you can do it!
Hustle, hustle, hustle!
Get on up there!
You can do it!
That's the stuff!
Let's go!
Come on!
Hustle, hustle, hustle!
You guys made it, man.
Let's go!
Are we boring you?
I'm sorry.
My head hurts.
It's because you need to get...
You need to get some blood pumping.
Come on!
You and Ross are next.
Come on down, boys.
Come on, put a little muscle into it!
If Ross beats you, it's ten laps.
Come on, Clark, let's go!
Move it, move it!
It looks like someone's doing laps.
Clark, man, what's wrong?
Clark!
Whoa, Kent, are you all right?
Kent, what happened up there?
You got struck down!
It fooled me!
Don't
I can see through things. Other times, it's like an X-ray.
And there's no warning. This just happens.
Well, I get a headache, and then it hits me.
I mean, the first time, I thought I was hallucinating,
and then it happened again.
Clark, I'm sure there's some way to control this.
You guys, I can see through things.
How do you control that?
You gotta practice, Clark. Your eyes have muscles,
just like your legs.
Mom is right, son.
Look, all you have to do is you have to figure out a way
to, uh, condition them so that you don't get
these random flashes.
Well, that sounds great.
How am I gonna do that?
Lana, we have a visitor.
Hey, Lana.
Tina, I didn't see you at school today.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. My mom's not feeling well.
But she's better, so...
So, you quit cheerleading,
and Nell banishes you to the garage.
She's got clutter issues,
and I'm trying to help resolve them.
So, I'm trying to help resolve them.
Is she forgiving you for quitting the squad?
Not yet.
Well, at least now you have some more time
for your unpopular friends.
Tina, you're not unpopular.
Besides, what happened to a girl
who didn't care what people thought about her?
She went to high school.
At least your mom doesn't try to run your life.
You know, you're lucky that Nell cares about you.
I mean, if something were to happen to my mom,
I don't know anybody that would take me,
and I'd probably be shipped off to a foster home or something.
Thanks for that burst of cheer.
Well, what do you want me to say?
You have the perfect life.
You want it?
You can have it.
Settle for the outfit.
Wouldn't it be cool if we were sisters?
If anything happened to my mom,
do you think that Nell would adopt me?
Tina, nothing's gonna happen to your mom.
You're not feeling okay with everyone.
You have to let it go.
She'll be alright in
a year.
Do you have dreams or"!
Yeah!
I'm gonna see my mom.
What?!
She can't do it.
Let her be in resting.
What about that girl?
Yeah, I don't lot of dreams.
Did it happen again?
Let's go home.
I'm okay.
Didn't you need to go to the antique store?
Hello?
Mrs. Kent.
I mean, Martha.
How are you?
Good. How's business?
Couldn't be better.
I'm doing so many estate sales in Metropolis,
I'm thinking of selling the place.
That would be a shame. I thought you loved the store.
Not really. I never wanted this life.
It just kind of happened.
Is Tina around? I thought I saw her come in.
She's at Lana's.
They're inseparable these days.
Really? I could have sworn that...
He must be seeing things.
I need some air. I'm gonna go for a walk.
I came by to pick up the lamp.
Lamp?
The one you were restoring
for me?
For Jonathan?
Oh, yes. Silly me. It's in the back.
It's not quite ready. It's...
I found this under the chest.
I'm such an airhead.
A client paid me in cash.
I've been looking for this all day.
That's a lot of money. You should be careful.
Thanks.
Why don't you stop by next week?
It'll be ready then.
Mrs. Kent?
You forgot your purse.
Looks like we're both airheads today.
I'm going to have to smoke a beer.
Where's Dr. Siu?
No, his saloon is on his way.
Sure.
Here it is, Mr. Terry.
Idiot!
Come.
So much for talking about the
trash.
Iывs has to stay a1504.
What a scare.
I don't have his account.
It's not found choke.
Don't want to leave this room while
thedays go by.
Bye, dad.
Bye.
Clark!
Mom, are you alright?
Police found the truck.
It was abandoned out by the Stewart farm.
Did anybody else see the driver?
No.
I could have sworn it was you, Clark.
I guess I'm not the only one with a vision problem.
Look, I don't understand.
Whoever it was, how did they get your keys?
I have no idea.
I only went into the ante.
What is it, Mom?
Nothing. It's just that Rose Greer was acting very strange.
I found $5,000.
$5,000 in cash under a dresser.
It had a Smallville Savings and Loan band on it.
She said a customer paid her, but...
You think it's from the bank robbery?
It crossed my mind.
So, wait a minute. Rose took your keys, turned into Clark,
and then tried to run you down.
You're right. It's crazy.
I don't think so.
What?
I saw a flash of Tina Greer's skeleton.
It was weird and green.
It didn't look human.
You know, like the ones you see in anatomy books?
That's probably because Tina was born with a skeleton.
It was a soft bone disease.
They had that poor girl on all these experimental drugs.
Doctors didn't believe she'd live to see first grade.
She did get better right around her third birthday.
It was right after the meteor shower, wasn't it?
Yeah.
Clark, what do you think Tina's doing?
I don't know.
I saw the same weird skeleton flash just after the robbery.
I think.
I just wish I could control this.
What if you try focusing it?
You know, like a telescope.
Yeah.
You could start with something small.
Try to tell me what I have in my hand right now.
It's your pocket knife.
You could see through my hand.
No, you always carry your knife in that pocket.
The hawk.
You know, we like deixa gore from
ChuckATA.
Understood.
I mean, I don't understand, where did you hear that from?
First of all, you have to live because that's what dog poops are.
Sure.
But, that's all that invoice and that hand.
I love you.
Sweetie, what's wrong?
You lied to me about my mother.
May I help you?
Roger Nixon, Metropolis Inquisitor.
Get off my car.
That's a hell of a picture, Lex.
You know, it really boosted our sales.
I've read comic books with less fiction than your rag.
How about this? Is this fiction?
It's your juvenile record.
It's fascinating reading.
It must have taken a Brinks truck of your dad's money
to keep all those people quiet.
Those records are sealed.
I'm a resourceful guy.
You know, I saw that picture yesterday
and it got me to thinking of a follow-up.
Lex Luthor's Wild Youth in Metropolis.
Does the name Club Zero ring a bell?
You print one word about that, I'll sue you.
Lawsuits take years.
The genie will be out of the bottle
and all the people will know
that the new and improved Lex Luthor
is nothing but a facade.
You know what I think, Rog?
If you wanted to print that,
it would already be in the paper.
I think you're looking for a payoff.
It's a business proposition.
$100,000 and these records will disappear forever.
I question your integrity, but you're a journalist.
Your father really think he can hide you here forever?
You got 24 hours and it hits the front page.
What's wrong? We're kicking it.
Let's smoke some cigarettes.
Leave the sweat in your mouth.
Leave, stay.
plant, go out and my Venezia
We better tell people.
Leave, stay, stay.
tienya Arsenal
My name's Lindsey.
atz and hoài
since ночтрàng
I told you what I thought you could handle.
Your mother was like any other teenager.
She had her ups and her downs.
I feel like I spent my entire life
trying to measure up to a Laura Lange who didn't exist.
You're reading the diary of a 17-year-old girl.
It's a snapshot. It's one time in her life.
It's like I wrote this myself.
The truth is, your mother was the brightest,
most beautiful girl in her class.
Do you know she was picked to give the graduation speech?
I guess the diary ended before that happened.
You should have heard the speech she gave that day.
What did she say?
Everything had been bubbling up inside her for 18 years.
She said she felt suffocated and small-billed.
Do you have a copy?
No.
But I'll never forget the first line.
I never made a difference here.
But maybe my children can.
Hello, Clark.
Is everything okay?
You guys ever notice anything strange about Tina Greer?
Nothing that would require the intense concentration
you're exerting to look at her.
The only thing weird about Tina
is the amount of time she spends idolizing Lana.
Yeah, she's practically her clone.
Come on, let's go.
Lana.
I swear that girl's got you lowjacked.
How do you like the sweater?
It's great.
I've got one just like it.
I know.
I got it at the same store.
I've been going on a shopping spree.
Here, look.
I even found this emerald necklace in the antique store.
Why am I not surprised?
See you at lunch.
Hey, are you okay?
I stopped by your house earlier,
and Nell said you weren't in the best mood, so...
I'm fine. Don't worry about it.
Good, because I need a favor.
My mom is moving to Metropolis full-time,
but, see, she doesn't want to pull me out of school,
so I was thinking I can move in with you and Nell.
For how long?
I don't know. A couple months.
I mean, my mom would pay you guys,
but trust me, money is not a problem.
Just name your price.
I could even get a horse.
We could go riding together.
I mean, wouldn't that be cool?
Yeah.
Just give me some time to think about it.
Are you sure your mom's okay with this?
Of course.
She knows that we're best friends.
It was her idea.
Well, just let me run it by Nell first.
She's kind of particular.
Nell loves me.
Look, I don't understand.
I thought that you'd be happy.
I mean, people even say that we look alike.
We could be sisters.
I'm just not sure it's such a good idea.
Oh.
Okay, I see.
So it was all a lie?
You were just pretending to like me,
and then when I come to you in my hour of need,
you're just gonna blow me off?
Tina, calm down.
No, you should have said yes, Lana.
It would have been perfect.
I agree.
I was born this way.
You will understand that.
We'll fix you up when you're better.
And anyway, I'm letting you see what love's like.
It's never meant that we own things.
Marriage is Đây.
You're the only one who knows.
You won't let that happen.
Tina, I can't.
No.
It's not wedding.
Here I am, I'm already there.
I'm always there grab me a beer and a cup of coffee.
It's the best, don't be grumpy.
I'll be okay.
Or never.
好了.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Clark!
What's your glitch, huh?
Why do you keep staring at me?
Uh, I don't know.
Sorry.
Clark, when are you doing home so early?
More vision problems?
I controlled it.
Once, sort of.
I concentrated and it worked.
That's great.
What'd you concentrate on?
Teenager's locker.
What did you see?
The money from the bank robbery.
Oh, I was just locking up deputies.
It's, uh, how can I help you?
We're looking for your daughter.
She hasn't come home yet.
Uh, what's the problem?
The money stolen from the Smallville savings and loan
was recovered in her school locker this afternoon.
You're kidding.
My Tina?
How could she be involved in this?
Well, that's what we'd like to ask her.
Would you bring her down to the station when she gets home?
Certainly.
We'll cooperate in any way we can.
Uh, by the way, who told you the money was in her locker?
Some kid with an anonymous tip.
Not a problem.
Clark, what are you doing?
I'm just trying to figure out how much change I have.
It's, uh...
You could always take it out and count it.
Where's the fun in that?
Did you hear about Tina?
They found the money from the robbery in her locker.
Really?
She actually cornered me today and asked if she could come live with me and now.
Just what you need.
A bank robbing roommate.
I told her it wasn't such a good idea.
I've got enough problems with Nell without adding more to the mix.
I always thought you and your aunt were really close.
She wants me to be something I'm not.
It's like having a dual identity.
There's the person that everybody sees,
and the person that you want to be.
I know the feeling.
That's why I came.
I came here.
I think you're the only person who sees me for who I truly am.
I want to thank you for that.
What about Whitney?
Forget Whitney.
I've had my eye on you.
Just like you've had your eye on me.
I don't know how you found out about me.
I'm not sure.
I don't know how you found out about that money,
but you should have stayed out of my life, Clark.
Ow!
The girl who writes for the pom-pom parade is, no surprise, out with mono.
This week's editorial?
My semi-annual where are our priorities rant.
From what it's worth, I really like what you've done with the paper this year.
Well, that puts you in the majority of one.
I'm sorry about the pom-pom crack.
Once I hit take no prisoners mode, it's kind of hard for me to shut it off.
Actually, I admire it.
You know who you are, and you go for it.
Well, I appreciate the compliment.
However, I know you haven't come down to this hole to give me a pep talk.
The torch prints the graduation speech every year, right?
Having transcribed last year's snore fest, that's an unfortunate yes.
What year?
1977.
That's PC.
PC.
Pre-computer. When disco ruled the earth, anything we have before then is going to be HC.
Hard copy.
You catch on fast.
Let's see.
Uh, let's see.
77. Here we go.
Saturday Night Fever was their prom theme.
Sticks one group of the century, and...
Wow.
Someone got in the administration's collective face.
Due to the controversial nature of this year's graduation address,
the editors have elected not to run the text on this issue of the torch.
Meaning, ironically, it's probably the only one worth reading.
You know, maybe I could track something down,
or else someone could tell me about it.
Do you even know all the HPR entries on this sheet?
Well, just pretend nobody would.
Always nobody gets where you sit,
and nobody actually writes E date,
and never that number of metrics.
You would guess, but no one really Hannah Youtz in here,
would ever be able to do it.
Then they would break their test,
but didn't I give my very best effort on it?
Bolt retire, take this for a paycheck.
If I'm a midwife, I never guarantee that my kid is gonna make it to a medical school.
Now, as I said, we have this big bill there.
If you're aブ Star, it's for all your Welcome reports.
And it's yourself.
Fuck yeah sir, have you heard the turkey king гаруп?
No, how are you?
Keep him offering the history?
I assume I don't have to count it.
I've even supplied the bag.
You're feeling pretty good about yourself right now, aren't you?
You'd think with all the money my father spent,
he could make things disappear.
Maybe he's not as smart as he thinks.
The original.
Have a nice life.
If you walk out that door, I will make you disappear.
What are you going to do?
You going to have me killed?
No.
You'll be very much alive.
But there won't be any evidence of your existence.
What are you talking about?
Driver's license, passport, social security number,
bank account will all be erased.
With one call, I can ensure that there will be no record
that you actually walked this earth.
You're bluffing.
Call your bank.
See if your account still exists.
As if your cell phone hasn't already been disconnected.
What did you do?
Don't worry, Roger.
I'm going to give you a new identity.
One that's a little less upstanding.
Maybe a murderer.
Maybe a drug dealer.
Either way, you'd lose your job, your house, and your family.
All right.
Fine.
Look, I'll get the money back, and we'll be even.
No, he won't.
Because I also know your brother works for juvenile court.
Would you tell him?
Steal the records, and you can make some quick cash.
He could do time for that.
Leave him out of this.
I didn't get him involved, Roger.
You did.
You came into my life, thinking you could shake me up.
Fine.
because I was some spoiled rich brat who needed his daddy's protection?
Trust me. When I make things disappear, they stay buried.
What do you want from me?
Your help.
My father's obsessed with the Daily Planet.
But I know the Inquisitors read by the people. They're the ones I'm interested in.
I will feed you stories and you will print them. Any negative stories about me, you will kill.
You will be at my disposal 24-7. Follow me.
What happened to your car?
I drove it off a bridge at 60 miles an hour.
How are you still alive?
That's the mystery I need your help solving.
I'm sorry.
Clark, what's wrong? Why are you looking at me like that?
Sorry, it's nothing. I wasn't sure it was you.
This is a bad time.
No.
I was out jogging. Didn't want to go home. Kind of ended up here.
You and Nell are still fighting.
How'd you know?
Just perceptive, I guess.
Found my mother's diary.
Discovered that a lot of the things that I've been feeling, she felt too.
That's great.
Isn't it?
It's great and it's frustrating and it's scary.
Like she could see right through me.
Did you ever feel like that?
More than you know.
When I was reading her words, it was like she was talking to me.
And then she was gone.
Well, you're lucky. You're lucky you got at least that.
Have you ever tried to find your parents?
Your biological parents, I mean.
Not really. I figure they're a million years away from my life now.
If you could ask them a question, what would you ask?
What happened? Why'd they let me go?
How do I make sense of all the strangeness in my life?
I guess neither of us will ever get a straight answer.
I hope you find what you looked for.
Hey. I thought you were working on a project.
I finished early. I thought I'd spend some time with the best boyfriend in the world.
I'd love to, but I got that trig test tomorrow, remember?
Right. I forgot. That's okay. I've got the rest of our lives.
What's gotten into you?
It's the new me. You like?
I definitely could get used to it. Do you need a ride home?
I'm covered.
Could I borrow your jacket? It's a little cold.
Yeah. Sure.
I'll see you tomorrow.
I'll be right back.
So you're telling me that Tina Greer can bend her bones like a contortionist and become anybody she wants?
So with my own eyes.
I'm sorry. This is usually Chloe's territory.
I cover girls, football, and general guy stuff.
She does the tales of the unexplained. So why don't you give her a call?
I did. She said she was busy with something else.
You realize that's like getting turned down by the National Enquirer.
Tell me again why we're friends?
Because even when I think you're whacked, I show up ready to rumble.
The grade is closed.
Clark, man, haven't you ever watched Cops?
The last place Tina's gonna be hiding out is in her mom's store.
Work it out.
Oh, the Big Cityц.
I couldn't have helped but
to capture you.
I love you.
Tame.
It's fine.
Whoa. Who's that?
It's Tina's mom.
Damn. How'd you know she was in there?
Because I can see right through the door, Pete.
That ain't funny, Sherlock.
How do you think she died?
Broken neck.
I'm guessing.
My call. Tina's already on a bus to Metropolis.
I don't think so.
Why's she writing Lana's signature?
You said Tina was obsessed with her.
She's gonna take it to the next level.
She wants to kill Lana?
Worse. She wants to become Lana.
Found your journal, Mom.
The one you kept in high school.
Suddenly all these conversations
are coming to an end.
What's going on?
The conversations don't seem so one-sided.
Tried to find your graduation speech,
but they didn't print it.
Every time I get closer to you or something,
it pulls me away.
Lana.
Whitney, what are you doing here?
Your aunt said you went riding.
Just followed the path.
Just talking to my parents.
They're dead, Lana.
You have this great life,
and you can't even see it.
You have no idea
what's going on.
You have no right to be unhappy.
They're not coming back, Lana.
Deal with it.
What are you saying?
I'm saying you don't deserve your life.
I do.
I'm sorry.
I got you.
I want you.
Don't.
I don't want you.
I don't.
Get him.
What are you doing here?
I was gonna ask you the same thing.
Where's Lana?
I don't know.
Mel said she came out here, but I can't find her.
What's the matter, Clark?
Not feeling well?
Latina, where's Lana?
Latina doesn't exist anymore.
I know what it's like to live in a secret.
I know what happened to your mother.
That was a lifetime ago.
Don't worry about Lana.
You'll be joining her very soon.
I thought I killed you once.
I'm not gonna make the same mistake twice.
Where's Lana?
Who are you?
Where is she?
She's dead.
Ha!
Lana!
Hey, I heard what happened.
Did you come by to see if I was okay?
Actually, as concerned as I always am about your personal well-being,
I'm not here to see you.
Lana.
Um, I did some digging.
Oh, my God.
How did you find this?
If I told you, I'd have to kill you,
and it looks like you've had enough trauma for one night.
Chloe, thank you.
No problem.
How's Tina?
She won't be able to hurt anyone else.
I still don't understand why a girl would do all that.
I do.
You go through life with a gift you have to keep a secret.
When you see everyone around you being normal, you get jealous.
You just want to be somebody else.
You really like her, don't you?
Yeah.
No.
Mom, if you could see anything, what would you do?
Learn to close my eyes.
As principal of Smallville High, I would like to introduce the valedictorian of the class of 1977, Ms. Laura Hawkins.
Ladies and gentlemen, graduating students, good evening.
Those familiar words open every graduation address at Smallville High.
And I am a sensible person, because the rest of my speech will not be so reassuring.
I never made a difference here, but maybe my children can.
When I first came to Smallville High, I was full of hope.
I feel your pain.
I feel the rain.
What happened to you?
I feel your pain.
I can not get to you.
I do not know what you are doing here.
Get it over with.
Don't touch me.
I was on your guard when I starved you.
Who was that kid?
I cut my ownysłay your cross at my school.
broadband. mind.
I'm sorry.